Interesting is that software will eat the world. I I feel like coding will eat all knowledge work, right? And we're kind of going in that direction already. &gt;&gt; The whole agent stack is emerging. Identity, payments, marketing, even CLI versus MCP, like all of these are really new things and I think a lot of the old playbook goes away. Yeah, it's a whole whole new world. I hope more companies will stay small. And I think the founders of this generation realize that. Like they want to stay as small as possible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And instead of having like a 10-person product team, you have like a two or three-person product team and instead of a bunch of agents help help &gt;&gt; you. Yeah. Someone tweeted that like the job market is so bad that I can only pursue my dreams now or something like that. So like it's it's like, you know, it's like, yeah, so maybe you lost your job, but like now you can actually do your own thing. Yeah, 100% and have a shot at actually achieving it, you know. Yeah. All right, welcome everyone. I've got my friend Peter Yang here. Peter, welcome. Yeah, good to be here. It's good to see you again. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, it's great to see you. Peter and I worked together at Credit Karma for a brief stint and then we went our separate ways and you know, I rediscovered Peter from his prolific posts on X and your YouTube and you know, you've got a little bit of a a Clark Kent Superman thing going cuz you still got a day job, right? &gt;&gt; That's right. I still have a day job. Yes. Yeah, can you share where? Uh yeah, I work at Roblox as a PM. Amazing, Roblox. Andreessen portfolio company. One of my favorites. Well, incredible man. Let's get right into it. Maybe I'll start with a softball fun question and then you know, we're going to talk about everything in the claw ecosystem. We're going to talk about coding agents. We're talking about a little bit about maybe what students should study, advice and some of the things that you've talked about online. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sure. Um maybe to start, what is the name of your Oh, how many claws do you have and tell me their names? Uh I only have one. I call her Zoe. Zoe. &gt;&gt; But I have like multiple conversations going with her. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And why Zoe? Um I I I have two girls and I was going to call my younger one Zoe and I did not. So I'm like I call my open claw Zoe instead. I see. I see. Yes. Yeah, this is your fallback plan. Yeah. tell me a little bit about, you know, Open Claw, how you discovered it, um how you're using it today, and and what you think the implications are. Yeah, I was lucky to interview Peter Steinberger before he became super famous and the whole thing blew up. And um then rather than interview him, I I like I set up the thing. It took forever to set up. It was super janky. Mhm. Um and and yeah, it does a lot of things for me. It like pulls analytics for me across um YouTube and like my Mercury bank account. Mhm. It um can update Google Docs for me. It can build little websites for me. But if I was honest with you, dude, like I mostly just talk to it through voice and get voice replies. And like every other day I ask it to give me like a pep pep talk. Or like, you know, give give me like like look look look through all your memory and like give me some like deep insights that I I don't know about. Okay. And and like it it gave me like like I remember I was on a walk and gave me like a 3-minute pep talk that was like really amazing. Really amazing. Like it some something about like uh like oh, you're like pointing me about your creator business and blah blah and like your your job, but like doesn't matter that your kids, you know, summer of four are going to grow up very soon and they're not going to want to spend time with you. Wow. So like you should really optimize for, you know, them instead. Yeah. It's really cool. And I mean, very cool, but also something that all of the language models could have done prior. So, what's the difference between this and in a use case like that? Yeah, that's a very good question. So, I don't know because I have it installed on Telegram, it just feels like more personal than using like Claude or ChatGPT. And and and just feels like something I can like text in bed. This is probably not very healthy, but like I text to it in bed. I I just talk to it during my commute. And it feels like it feels more like a personal like like actual human. Yeah. Yeah. So, then so how much for you is Open Claw about the kind of interface, like pushing it to messaging and you know, maybe helping to trick our brain into feeling like, "Hey, this is a person or a person-esque thing." Um versus all the other components of the stack, the self-modification, the skills directory, um every all the all the rest? &gt;&gt; I I think it's probably like 70-80% just like the per per per personal part of it part of it cuz I mostly just talk to it and like, you know, through voice. But I also think like is is something First First First of all, it is pretty janky. It tends to forget things things a lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You have to keep reminding it. But like any kind of zany idea that I have, I just have to talk to it and it can probably just do. Like Like it's kind of just like Um like the other day I I was doing voice replies with it. I was like, "Hey, can we just have a live phone call instead?" Mhm. And and then it was like, "Okay, you you got to connect Twilio You got to do all this stuff." And then okay, fine. I I went off and did it. &gt;&gt; we had a phone call. It It called my phone. &gt;&gt; You have that set up? I've been dying to set that up. Okay. &gt;&gt; not very good though. Like the latency is bad. But like the fact that I was able to get it going is like pretty impressive. So it's kind of like any kind of crazy idea I have, it can kind of kind of do. And then in practice, how are you doing that? Are you asking it to write a skill on the fly or are you discovering a skill? How much of the code gen are you actually using? Um I mean, I talk to it in like a super casual way with like just just like a friend. So I'm like, "Hey hey hey, you know, hey so you can can like can we have a phone call?" Yeah. And it's like, "Okay, you got to do all this stuff." I was like, "Okay, fine. I I'll I'll open my computer. I'll do all this stuff." And then it was like, "Give me a call." And then we trouble shoot a little bit and then it works. So like I with Claude I have like very fancy prompts. Uh like very long prompts. But with open Claude, I I just kind of text it. Yeah. Really interesting. So we sort of touched on a couple things actually. So one, there's mobile messaging. There's the memory system. Um there's the sort of code generation component. Um how much do you think the memory system like is it innovative because it's file based? You said that it forgets things, but so do language models. Like do you think the memory system is well done? Does it hold it back or does it enable it? I I I think the default memory system is actually not that great. &gt;&gt; Okay. Like the way I understand it works is like just like a memory.md text file. Yes. &gt;&gt; And then every day Per day, right? And then every day it updates. And it tends to forget things a lot. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So so I actually installed this like three-layer memory system that to be honest, I I don't fully understand. But That's fancy. It has like Toby's QMD search tool. Okay. Uh so I installed that and and then I installed like a 2 GB thing. And and and then it got a little bit better. Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, but I I still have to remind it like I have to I have to put it into the agents.md like hey like before you answer any question for me like go through all your memory and like check everything. Yeah. And they also tend to forget that it can do stuff. Like you know, Right. &gt;&gt; like can you update my Google Doc? It's like oh I can't do that. Yeah, yes you can. It's it's in your it's in your file. Yes, yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you have to remind it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Really interesting. Well well maybe let's get into a little bit of the controversy. Sure. You know, you'd said that apps will die cause going to be everything and everywhere. I mean talk us through that that point of view. Yeah, well first of all I I I I tweet all all kinds of random crap that's like not super well thought out. We take it all as fact. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, but I do think like um, like ever since I set up all these apps like Mercury, MCP, and all this kind of crap on my open claw, like I I don't actually open those apps much anymore, you know? But I do agree with you. Like I I I think the ones that are going to die first or like maybe get less usage first is like apps that you're just opening to try to complete a task. Like you actually try to do something, you know? Like apps that you're opening to like get entertainment probably survive a little bit longer. But like apps that I'm opening to complete a task like it's just way easier to text my agent to do it for me. Yeah. It's like it's like you have a really good admin just to do stuff for it for you. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so how much are you finding it has this like reduced your smartphone usage outside of modulo open claw? Yeah. Um, no because like I'm I'm like a Twitter addict. So I still use the phone way way too much. But yeah, in terms of using those apps it's definitely re- reduced it. Yeah. Yeah. Like yeah cause you're not going to ask Zoe like hey read my X for me and tell me what's interesting. I mean it it it sends me like a morning briefing with like the top two tweets and stuff that like it trends but but yeah I I I still open X. I look through it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you know it's interesting cause I've always had this theory that people open apps on their phone because they want to feel a feeling. Yeah. You know? And I think of course there's some like functional set of needs which is why you open calendar or something but I also think that you know, WhatsApp is you want to feel connected and Slack is you want to feel productive and of course you know TikTok is you want to feel entertained. So, I do wonder with just one agent, how do you sort of do the context switching of like when are you flirting, when are you getting done? I mean, there you know, in a sense app gives you a nice it sort of gives you a nice division of the intents Yeah, that that's the part. &gt;&gt; get with Zoe. That's a good point, but I I do have multiple channels set up with Zoe in Telegram. Like one is just to random voice replies, and then the other one is we're actually working on a project together. Oh. &gt;&gt; And then the other one I have like a public channel where like I'm giving dev demos. I don't want to reveal private information. Yes. So, I have like multiple channels. And is that um implemented as sub-agents or No, it's just some janky setup I I found online like you just you can set up the multiple Telegram channels and then I'm not sure if it actually remembers across context across the channels, but like you can have separate conversations at least. Got it. Yeah. And how how, you know, transparent are you with your agent? Like does it does it see your personal email, your Uh I'm I'm like super transparent. Well, I I did it by the Mac mini I set up its own email. Okay. And but I gave it like read access to my email and like calendar. And uh I also gave it like write access to some docs. Yeah. But it can't like scroll my entire drive or something, you know? So. &gt;&gt; How do you imagine Open Claw, which it's sort of an architectural primitive, how does it get productized, packaged for the world? I mean, I think that's what Peter Steinberger is working on at OpenAI, right? He's probably going to build something to ChatGPT which everybody uses. Uh so that ChatGPT can actually get stuff done for you and like maybe it feels more human. Yeah. Dude, like let me rant about ChatGPT for a little For some reason for some reason they they trained the model so that like at the end of every conversation it's always like "If you want, I can also do X and Y." Yeah. And dude, I I I got so annoyed by it that that kind of turned me off from ChatGPT. Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so it probably increases their metrics, but like it's just like super annoying. It's like why don't you just do it in the first place? It's like are you a Claude guy now? Yeah, I'm I'm Claude guy now. But but I I do use Codex uh to code. Yeah, yeah. You like Codex, you prefer it to Cloud Code, or you use both? &gt;&gt; Um Codex is when I want to try to build something real, and Cloud Code is when I'm just like vibing vibing. It's like very very vibing, you know. Well, it's interesting. I think they live at different points in you know, there's a sort of space of tradeoffs. Yeah. Whereas I find um Cloud Code and Opus 46, it's a little more chatty, it makes more assumptions, but it can be more pleasant for a synchronous experience. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Whereas Codex, it really thinks hard, and it's more often accurate, but sometimes it's sort of like being in a conversation where the other person pauses for like 3 minutes to think. Yeah. Yeah, you don't have to flow flow state, right? It's hard to get in a flow. Like Cloud Code, dude, I I tweeted the other day that Cloud Code is almost like uh like a slot machine. It's like it's like it has different things each time. It's just like 100% dude. It's like a slot machine. Look, I I do think that if you think Remember we were talking about in the old social networking era, it was variable scheduled rewards, right? That was the whole magic of it. Like you open your Facebook feed, and you know, once in a while it's like boring boring, oh my god, this is so exciting. &gt;&gt; And I the coding agents have the exact same property. Also, the time is variable. So, sometimes you get something in a second, sometimes it takes 5 minutes, so up to a certain point I actually think that both of those things give it that casino like feeling. Yeah. And and the other thing that's very different about the product strategy, or maybe it's just the way it works, is like Cloud Code is kind of like self-explanatory. Yeah. And Cloud Code, you have all this crazy You have like hooks and like skills and Like you have to you have to Plugins. &gt;&gt; Like if if you're if you're not following Yeah, if you're not following X, you have no idea how to customize this thing. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But once you customize it, you kind of feel like it's part of you. So, it's kind of it's kind of hard to &gt;&gt; turn. It's interesting with uh so, I've customized mine cuz also I read the long thing that Boris put up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I will say that I think that you know, Cloud Code, a lot of the reasons that I enjoy it are just harness features. &gt;&gt; Mhm. You know, like for example, if you cut an image, you have to paste it into a file before and then paste that file into Codex. Okay. You can't just take a subset of the screen, screenshot it, and then paste it directly into Codex the same way you can with Cloud Code. &gt;&gt; Already, okay, okay. So, just like little things like that, you know, Claude code added voice. It's a little bit janky right now, but it's going in the right direction. So, they've just got a bunch of quality of life things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, Claude code speaks to Claude in Chrome. Okay. And Codex doesn't speak to Atlas. Got it. So, I think these are all things that OpenAI will fix. Yeah, I think Codex is actually a much better model, um, but they don't exist today. Yeah, yeah, they they need to fix it. I mean, they're they're going to go all all in on Codex, I'm sure. Yeah. Talk to me about coding agents. Like, what's your general view? You know, do you think it's the end of SaaS? Do you think these are just a toy? Uh, well, first of all, I'm I'm I'm like I'm not an engineer, so I'm like a novice. But, I do hear that, um, like I was talking to some folks, uh, the other day and like like a AI-native star startup. And they're basically try trying to they have a bunch of vibe coders. Mhm. And all the vibe coders are just trying to build internal tools that replace their SaaS. That they're paying for. &gt;&gt; Really? Yeah. So, this is an actual company that's doing this. &gt;&gt; This is an actual company, yeah. It's an AI-native company. It's like one of the vibe coding companies, like one of the more popular ones. Interesting. Yeah. It's interesting Oh, oh, I see. So, they're not actually an app gen company. They're app gen company and they they're paying for a bunch of SaaS, like, uh, and they they want to get rid of the payment. They want to just buy buy app coding internal tools. By using Okay, so, in that case, that that they might be the most extreme form of adopter cuz their own product is app gen, so they should use app gen for everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I guess, is your prediction though that the average company will churn off of Slack or Deel or, you know, Um, I don't think I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Uh, but some of the other ones, they are pretty complicated, you know? So, like, it's going to be be hard to vibe code like that stuff. But, but I feel like if you have like an app like maybe Calendly or like something more simple, &gt;&gt; Yeah. then why why why should I why should I pay for it? Like, I just Why should I pay for it? Well, the counterpoint is that it's not that expensive, and do you really want to maintain your own Calendly thing? Yeah. You know, versus pay 20 bucks a month, it always gets updated, it's always up, Yeah, yeah. you know, cuz there's just like a fixed amount of capacity that anyone in the organization is going to have for all this stuff. Yeah, that that that that's true. Unless you hire like dedicated by quarters like the startup doesn't make you just want to buy stuff. But then it's like, you know, the cost benefit versus just paying for Calendly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting about like for example like a lot of people are tweeting about Figma. Yeah. Yeah. Uh like like the stock is down like you know are are are you going to survive? Yeah. And um I feel like the jury's out there. Like it's kind of hard to say. Yeah. I I I feel like all the designers are still on Figma but like as a designer you kind of need to learn how to buy code otherwise you're going to like if you if you only know how to do Figma like you're probably going to be like out of date. In couple years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. My counterpoint to that is that I think that I've thought a lot about the sort of thinking tools versus making tools, right? The IDE was historically a making tool. It's a place for execution. I think it's migrating away from that. And now with execution going to zero I think these sort of like multi-agent, you know, next gen IDEs a lot of them are about trying things and using the trial and error as a way to inform your thinking. Like a lot of times I'll just build a feature in a really naive way and I'll hammer the coding agent until it works. Then I'll say, "Hey, write all the things that you would have done differently." And I'll go back to the initial point and redo it. So I wonder if and I think Figma actually does both. I think it's a place for design execution but it's also an important place for design thinking. And I think that's their opportunity to be highly relevant in the new stack. Yeah, I totally agree. I totally agree. But I I I I think A16Z has like you guys investing pencil. Or something? Pencil.dev. Yeah. &gt;&gt; run it and then like um Yeah, Figma needs to like level up his AI tooling cuz you know like watching these AI agents collaborate with you and like do stuff is like very very interesting. I know it's top of mind for them. What do you think are the most under discussed capabilities of coding agents? You know, what's what's under hyped and maybe what's over hyped as well. This is probably not under hyped but I I but you know like you know I I I feel like interesting that software will eat the world. I I feel like coding will eat all knowledge work, right? And we're kind of going in that direction already. Like I I think lovable recently launched like today that they can support everything and can make decks. Yeah, so So yeah, so I and I feel like everyone is chasing this. Like I don't know who's probably in the lead. Yeah. But like, you know, like I I don't want to use PowerPoint anymore. I don't want to like write a Like I hate writing Google Docs, dude. Like I lost my entire life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So so like but but but the other day I was writing my blog post and instead of typing it out, I was like, "Hey, let's let me just use Claude code and like, you know, let me give you a bunch of feedback and you you write it for me." Yeah. And then you just keep improving it. Um it it did the first 80%. The last 20% I still had to manually like go in there like tweak tweak tweak stuff. Yeah. But like that that's the way I work now. I I never start from zero. Like I always get the first 80% from AI. Right. Yeah. Yeah, it's interesting, you know, if you look at there there are also like historical analogies of this. I think Satya said this, which is that Excel is the most powerful or most popular programming language in the world. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that it's sort of a programming language that millions and millions, I mean 100 million plus people must know, maybe even more. Um and yet we don't think of it that way. It's a way to sort of describe and solve problems. Yeah. And I think coding agents are going to be that, of course, times a thousand. Yeah. Where even things that feel subjective, like writing Google Docs, can be represented in the coding domain in such a way that it's more satisfying, more productive, more high leverage to use agents to do it. Yeah, cuz Excel was like popular because it's super approachable, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. And like coding is just the code is basically gone. Like it's like abstract away. You're just talking to some some agent and getting it to do do stuff. So &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. It's going to be huge yeah. What do you think the future company looks like? Is it just a bunch of agents with a CEO? Is the CEO an agent? I mean, what is the role for people in a company in the future? Okay, well, I have some hot takes. So we were we both worked at some companies together and um &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. Uh let me give you a hot take, man. Maybe hope this out. But like I feel like as a company bigger, it tends to get it tends to become like a shitty shittier place to work, dude. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like like cuz there's like a lot of people you have to align. &gt;&gt; that's axiomatic, yeah. &gt;&gt; Right? And and I don't I don't remember at you know, maybe shouldn't mention this company, but I remember you know, our company there used to have one of these like OKR meetings and like everyone's in a room for like 3 hours talking about OKRs. I'm just like, dude, this is like a waste of my life. Yeah, so what where I'm going with this is I hope more companies will stay small. And and I I think the possible. Yeah. Um and instead of having like a 10-person prod team, you have like a two or three-person prod team and instead of having a bunch of agents help help you. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cuz I I I think it's way easier to cross launch and align with the agents than with with humans. Yeah, well, actually in a in a sense the agents actually because it takes the emotion out of it, too. Like you can imagine if I sent my agent, you sent your agent to go negotiate something and they came out with some conclusion, it's not emotional. It's not &gt;&gt; for either of us, you know? It's very objective, yeah. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's funny, you know, one of the things that we've been talking a bunch about is like what is the pro case for AI at work in terms of employee experience? And I think it's what you're describing, right? Like how do you increase the NPS of work? Yeah. So if we like go all the way back or even broadly the NPS of the human experience, right? Like think of the NPS of the day-to-day human in 10,000 BC when it's like just don't get eaten by the lion and that's like a good day, right? Or you know, maybe 100 years ago it's like, okay, don't get killed at the factory. Mhm. Um crushed by the the steam press or whatever else and um and now a lot of it is like, like just don't get sucked into some high emotion, you know, sort of negotiation with another VP's subordinate. Yeah, like a 50-message Slack thread going back and forth. &gt;&gt; Yeah, which exactly. Then eventually everyone's like, I don't want to tell the CEO and eventually it goes there and it's just terrible. Um so maybe the future of this is that a lot of that emotional subjection of work gets handled and we're sort of guiding the process but not in the middle of it in a way that just doesn't suit us as humans. Yeah, like I you know, I I I think that the world of a PM creator and like I feel like all the PMs actually just want to create products. They just want to create products and and &gt;&gt; why we all got into it, you know, it's it's so interesting I mean, Nikel talks about it all the time, but like every PM's sort of view view of the ideal PM is the innovator, you know? Like I came up with the new thing and it's like I sort of like had the big insight and it unlocked the product. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think the black pill is I don't think most PMs know how to do that. In fact, many companies have zero people that know how to do that at all in any function. Yeah. So, nonetheless, I think PMs aspire to be able to do that and they should either do it and either be successful or maybe not successful and move to a different function. I also feel like my hot take is like like basically all the PMs I know are trying to write code at nights and weekends. Yeah. And I feel like my hot take is that like I feel like if you're actually unemployed, like you probably have more time to be a builder and like to be innovative. Yeah. &gt;&gt; actually like play all this stuff and like learn all this stuff. A lot of PMs are just trying to Or maybe be an engineer in the team, you know? I used to be an engineer and I got sort of I don't know if I got forced to be a PM, but maybe I also perceived &gt;&gt; PM is like being a little more high status. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. When I joined Google, but then eventually you come around the other side you're like this is terrible, you know? Like you don't never really get the satisfaction Yeah. &gt;&gt; of actually shipping other than like, you know, once a quarter when you ship. I mean the PM skills of like talking to users and like trying to figure out what to do like what's the problem to solve. Like those are all very important still. Yeah. And like but yeah, you got to wear multiple hats too. You got you got to like go go build a thing yourself, go prototype it and get some feedback and then maybe bring an engineer along. How much do you think that everyone has to go as fast as, you know, I mean like Gary was talking about stimmies and skipping sleep and Gary Tan like, you know, G stock. I mean is Hey, I mean is that like the default way that we all need to work or do you think there's a trade-off for thoughtfulness? I I I think it's very easy now with all these AI tools to just go in like 10 different directions at once. Yeah. So, sometimes you do have to slow down and try to figure out where you want to go. Yeah. But I also believe that like the traditional process where you like do annual planning and like do all this bull Like I I I feel like that doesn't really work anymore. You know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, for the record, I love Gary and I like think the world of him. Yeah. So here's my view on that cuz I thought a bunch about it. You know who asked me this the other day? Hiten, um who's really really impressive. Yeah, yeah, in the show, yeah. So we're talking about this like sort of productivity porn and everybody's got 20 agents running and 20 monitors and blah blah blah. And like I do think when it comes to um fully realizing a local a sort of local maxima Mhm. you should go very fast, right? Mhm. So let's say you kind of hill climb, you get to the bottom of a new local maxima. I think with agents you should be able to get to the top of that hill extremely fast, right? Yes. You have a new insight, build everything around the insight so it's fully expressed. But then I think to get to the next, you know, the next sort of hill Mhm. you've got to probably slow down and almost stop and go touch grass and do whatever. Yeah. So I think there's this combination of like fast and slow that's probably the future way. Yeah, I think so. And and like you got to go on that random walk to try to find your product market fit, which take take us a while, right? So it's not like, yeah. So we were talking before we started recording about some of the business in a box platforms. Have you looked at them? Do you have a view? I've looked at Post Post that we talked about. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. Like I don't know if the guy like intentionally made it the opposite of AI slop or or is it kind of a He intended it to be I think so. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's funny. Well, I mean I I have a pretty big public presence, right? So I connect all my to to it and then um I mean it's it definitely gives a good peek into what's possible, but like right now it's probably still pretty like uh early stage. Like it's telling me to run like Facebook Facebook ads. Yeah. Why am I running Facebook ads? Yeah. You know? I don't know. Yeah, yeah. I I mean I'm very excited about it cuz it does feel like it's a path for more people to build companies. Yeah. Even if they're single, one-person companies. You know, like if you think about how competitive it is to build a billion-dollar business, like the markets that support it, the number of people trying versus 100 million versus 10 million versus $100,000 TAM. Yeah. Like maybe there are these pockets all over the country, all over the world, where there are opportunities for $100,000 TAM products. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that would change somebody's life. Now, that's not an enterprise venture-backed company, but that's okay. Yeah. So, I hope that whole thesis works, cuz I do think it's a way to get more people to participate, you know? Yeah, that that that's my plan for my kids, dude. Like, I I want them to just build like um bootstrapped businesses in high school. Yeah. And they can skip the whole college and like uh core corporate life. Yeah. Well, dude, I think this is like, you know, for 10 years there's this moral panic about the kids wanting to be YouTubers. Yeah. You know, you're a YouTuber. Yeah, yeah, I am. Um you know, you know, in the in the vein of Mr. Beast. And and I think the like pro case for that actually is that the kids wanted to be entrepreneurs or have agency, and the only channel for people if they weren't programmers was creating YouTube videos, at least online. Yeah. So, if you're like an online native generation, you want to create something, you're not a programmer, you make a YouTube show. And now you can make a lot more than that. Yeah, you can you can build whatever you want. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, Exactly. It'd be very exciting. Yeah. Any other hot takes for us? I'm curious about your thoughts about this, actually. Like, so, I feel like a lot of people are saying like, "Agents will interact with your product first." Right. And and then you see all these great companies like uh building like APIs and MCPs. Mhm. But like, how do you how do you think about like, you know, you being a customer for a while? So, like, the customer's like, you got to get the user to come back and use your product, right? Yeah. But but now, like, the user's like, "Hey, go send the agent to use it." So, how do you think about retention and all this like basic stuff? Like, how do you you know? Or or even like brand equity, cuz the agent just like points to some API. Like, you know. I don't Yeah, I don't know. Okay, so, I I think one of it's a I don't know is the Yeah. is the truth, but um there's I have a few thoughts. So, one, I think that a lot of the sophistication sophistication that happened in consumer happened because we had to have indirect monetization. Mhm. Okay, like, we just can we're never charging consumers directly for these products, which is why you got ads and stuff. ads and just large-scale networks, and we all obsessed with retention and engagement and whales and all of these things really, really mattered because we didn't simply charge people for products. Mhm. So, I think one big thing that's actually really helped in the AI era with that is that consumers are now excited to try new things, are willing to pay, they're willing to pay a really high price point. Um there's also consumption revenue in consumer for the first time. Like tokens and stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, for like tokens. You have your subscription plus your tokens. So, and then the actual like the sort of blessing in disguise is that there are real costs as well. You have these inference costs. So, you're like, "Wow, we have to charge our customer on day one." So, I think one thing is that like the business model simplification, I think will really help with a lot of what you're describing. Two, I think that a lot of the products will have a sort of, you know, it'll have an API interface for your agents to interact with or for, you know, for transactional sort of wrote things. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. And then it'll have like a consumption-based interface as well. So, you you can also imagine a like a mobile app where there's like the feed, but then you can kind of turn it over to where the wires are. And you can just ask for things to get done or you can just see the log of the things that got done. Yeah, and maybe people will do both, right? &gt;&gt; I mean, you can imagine Credit Karma where we work, you know? Like once you want to just take a look at your score history and a few other maybe credit card offers, I don't know. I mean Yeah, yeah. If I get my score, I'll have all the kind of credit card offers, I'll definitely do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Exactly. On the other hand, like sometimes you want to just be like, "Yo, like can you just fix all my stuff or like what stuff did you fix this week? How much money did I save?" You know? Got it. Got it. Yeah. It's definitely interesting, yeah. But look, I also just think the whole agent stack is emerging. Yeah. Identity, payments, marketing, we don't even even CLI versus MCP, like Yeah. all of these are really whole new world. And like in 2025, I thought agents was overhyped, but now I think it's really kind of coming coming coming. Me too. I know. It's just the word is frustrating cuz it gets so overloaded. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's like workflows, like all this kind of &gt;&gt; Totally. I've been trying to just say like can we just say like model in a loop? Yeah, exactly. Model that uses tools in a loop. That's the best definition. Yeah, yeah. But nobody likes to hear that. It's a agents is much flashier, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's flashier. Yeah, yeah. My my hope is that um all all this stuff like a lot of people I think like we're going to lose our jobs which is probably what would happen at some point but like I hope all this stuff makes just makes like human work more fun like your jobs more fun. Yeah. Dude, I don't think we're all going to lose our jobs. Like I really think that and we see this a lot of companies, you know, so we look at a ton of companies and we've seen two different buckets. So one bucket is hey we dramatically increase productivity for a person or a team. We see this in like recruiting. But we couldn't do 100% of the job. So we could do the phone screen but we couldn't obviously you know show the candidate around the office. Or we could do the phone screen and we could like answer all the questions about the company and we could even do the like comp negotiation but we couldn't do the onboarding. Yeah. The other style of company which we see which is maybe a decagon right or a happy robot is hey we did 100% of a job like customer support. Okay. You know the the customer called in they had a question we hopefully resolved their query and then that's it. Mhm. And that is 100% automated. I'd say that that second group where you have 100% automation of a job function is really rare. Mhm. Almost every AI product AI native X or Y we see is able to provide dramatic lift but it's not able to do 100%. So the last 5% is done by humans. Yeah it's still it's today anyway it's still humans that do that stuff. And it's interesting too cuz the buyer looks at that as software as expensive software whereas in the case of something like a happy robot decagon Sierra they look at it as like cheap labor. Mhm. So I do think there's a different buyer mindset but because there's been this difficulty of getting to 100% automation I think a lot of the efficiency gain shows up in just a different way probably not less jobs maybe we get like the European style four-day work week maybe companies get like twice as productive. I have no idea. Yeah. But but you don't think that like I I I feel like there's going to be a transition from like these like 10,000 plus people companies laying a lot of people off to hopefully like more smaller companies like solopreneurs and stuff like that. Yeah. I I think yes I think that they'll be the the sort of shape of the economy is going to change like the amount of concentration but I just don't think there's going to be less jobs. I think human ambition has no ceiling. That's right. You know, human desire has no ceiling. And just read any mildly interesting science fiction book. Like there's no way this is the peak expression of all the stuff that we want and we need and we're going to convince ourselves and you know, all the new things that you read about every day is these luxuries, peptides and you know, everybody is going to have all of that stuff and they'll want even more. You know, dude, I I I saw a really good tweet about this. Like someone tweeted that like um the the job market is so bad that I can only pursue my dreams now or something Yes. So like it's it's like you know, it's like yeah. So maybe you lost your &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cool. Well, awesome, man. Maybe that's a good positive note to end on. Yeah, that's a good note. Yeah, cool. Good seeing you, dude. Thanks, Peter. Thanks for having me.